hey guys um it is sep tember 22nd first
day of the youth on a mission 2012 we're
just hunting on the edge of the edge of
a Hayfield got a cornfield up there it's
about 80 acres of corn then we got about
a 30 or 40 acre parcel of the neighbors
private property all wood is I think
someone's going to happen tonight so
stay tuned and I'll get back
you
his mom tell just had to pass I'll get a
buck in here soon okay I just shot it
nice nice look five or six pointer I'm
gonna wait a little bit like 20 minutes
I'll give it 20 minutes all right so
this is the buck um big-bodied deer it's
got two on this side and two on this
side it's also got home watch huh little
kickers off to the sides so oh we're
about to cut this off and then all right
so here's the deer we got hanging up in
the garage um pretty nice size oh it's
pretty nice sized ear big body so thank
you for watching I hope you enjoyed it
um please subscribe